update BYOTI with cloud storage details (#26302)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/security/application_security/threats/threat-intelligence.md

## Bring your own threat intelligence

ASM supports enriching and searching traces with threat intelligence indicators of compromise stored in Datadog reference tables. [Reference Tables][2] allow you to combine metadata with information already in Datadog.

### Storing indicators of compromise in reference tables

> Threat intelligence is supported in the CSV format and requires the following columns.

Reviewer: If stating "the following", I would end with a colon `:`, but if using "the below", I would end with a period `.`

> Threat intelligence is supported in the CSV format and requires the following columns.

Author: ```suggestion
Threat intelligence is supported in the CSV format and requires the following columns:
```

### Uploading and enabling your own threat intel

> Datadog supports creating reference tables via a manual upload, or by periodically retrieving the data from [Amazon S3, Azure storage, or Google Cloud storage][10].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Datadog supports creating reference tables through a manual upload, or by periodically retrieving the data from [Amazon S3, Azure storage, or Google Cloud storage][10].
```

Notes:
- It can take 10 to 30 minutes to start enriching ASM traces after creating a table.
- If a primary key is duplicated, it is skipped and an error message about the key is displayed.

On a new [references table][4] page:

1. Name the table. The table name is referenced in ASM's **Threat Intel** config.

> 2. Upload a local CSV or import a CSV from a cloud storage bucket. The file will undergo normalization and validation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Upload a local CSV or import a CSV from a cloud storage bucket. The file is normalized and validated.
```

See the related reference table documentation for:
- [Amazon S3][11]
- [Azure storage][12]
- [Google Cloud storage][13]

#### Troubleshooting cloud imports

If the reference tables are not refreshing, select the **View Change Events** link from the settings on the reference table detail page. 

**View Change Events** opens a page in **Event Management** showing potential error events for the ingestion. You can also filter in **Event Management** using the reference table name.

<div class="alert alert-info">In Datadog Event Management, it can look like the data is fetched from the cloud, but it can take a few more minutes to propagate those changes to Threat Intellegence.</div>

Other useful cloud import details to remember:

- The expected latency before updated enrichments are available when a source is uploaded or updated is 10 to 30 minutes.
- How to know when the updates are applied: The changes are visible in the reference table or in the spans. Select the **View Change Events** link from settings on the reference table detail page to see the related events.
- The update replaces the *entire table* with the new data. 

> - In the case of a duplicated primary key, the rows with the duplicated key are not written, and an error is shown in the reference table detail page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- In case of a duplicated primary key, the rows with the duplicated key are not written, and an error is shown in the reference table detail page.
```
